---
Layout: 
Title:  "Team-work"
date:   2017-07-14  08:21:45 +0200
categories: 
---
# Team-Work

Teamwork can be defined as a group of workers put together in the workplace to complete a specific task.
In most cases workers tend to be in teams but not genuine teams(pseudo)they won't be fulfilling basic requirements of being a team.

#  Teamwork has the process:
## transition process(between the period of action)
   mission analysis: As a team, you will be writing down and stating the mission statement.
   goal specification: As a team, you will be writing down the basic goals that you want to accomplish.
   Strategy formulation: As a team, you need to figure out how you are going to achieve those goals.

## Action process (about to achieve the process)
   monitoring progress: checking whether we are still running towards our goals
   system monitoring: checking if our system is in place and ready.
   Team monitoring and backup behavior: checking whether everyone is working towards the same goal.
   coordination: when everyone is working together and helping one another towards achieving goals that were set.

## Interpersonal process
conflict management: when everyone starts to consider other people feelings and starts to work together
motivation and confidence building: when as a team you motivate each other towards working as a team and build others who have low self-esteem.

# Conclusion 
-It is better to work together as a team than individual because as the team you can build and motivate each other.
-The study also shows that working as a team easily gets the work done at a  faster pace.