---
Layout: 
Title: "Drop it"
date:   2017-11-17  09:40
categories: 
---
# My story
As I progress with freeCodeCamp,I am slowly starting to understand javaScript better.
This time the activity I received was "drop it",The word its self sounds a little unusual.
Well drop is a phrase they used to shortly summarize the problem that is meant to be solved.

## Problem
This activity required that:
The elements of an array (first argument) must be dropped, starting from the front, until the predicate (second argument) returns true.

The second argument, func, is a function will be  used to test the first elements of the array to decide if you should drop it or not.

The rest of the array must be returned , otherwise return an empty array.

## My approach
# first-step: empty array
I first created a variable which I assigned it to an empty array,that I was going to use at a later stage.

# second-step:for-loop
I then used a for-loop to look in my array,so that I can be able to access every integer in my array.

# if-statement
Still inside my for-loop I added a conditional statement.
Inside my if statement I called my fun which was the second argument and passed in my array index i as a parameter,
And said that I whenever my function is passed and the returning value is true then that value must be spliced.
I then specified that it must spice from index i to the length of the array.
I also returned and empty array.
The slice method would return the value of the copy of an array into  a new array.
## Conclusion 
My function was now working.
