---
Layout: 
Title:  "Pair-wise"
date:   2018-01-19 09:40
categories: 
---
# Pair-wise
Today I came across pair-wise in freeCodeCamp algorithms,It is the last algorithm in the Advanced Algorithm Scripting.
I managed to solve it, I will share how I solved it.
## The problem
I will be given an array arr, I needed to find element pairs whose sum equal the second argument arg and return the sum of their indices.
It had the following conditions:
If multiple pairs are possible that have the same numeric elements but different indices, return the smallest sum of indices. 

Once an element has been used, it cannot be reused to pair with another.
## My approach
## Declaring a variable
With the given algorithm, I first declared a variable counter that will store all my index of the array.
## for-loop
The parameters that we were given one had an array, so when dealing with arrays I usually use a reduce or a for-loop method in order for me to access every element the array.
So I used an a for-loop to loop through my given array.
## Second-for-loop
Still inside my for loop I used another for-loop,to also loop through the array,but this time I said my variable my be equal to the previous index + 1.
## If-statement
Inside my second for-loop I had a conditional statement that said if the first index plus the second index was strictly equal to the second argument(arg)then I appended index i together with index x to my counter variable.
After appending,I said that index i and x were equal and also equal to not a number.
## Conclusion
I then returned my counter and my function was now working.
